Feat/3604  add auto invite plugin (#3721)
tracim/tracim: backend/official_plugins/README.md

> ## Officials Backend Plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Official Backend Plugins
```

> This dir contain all officials backend plugins
> These are "internal" (using internal and "unstable" API) plugins.
> You can active them by moving the plugins you need in `plugin.folder_path` dir.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains all official backend plugins
Those plugins are implemented using an experimental API that is planned to change: if you develop your own plugin using this API, expect it to break without notice.
You can enable them by moving the plugins you need in the `plugin.folder_path` directory.
```
